How the programme works - Flowchart - Explain how the programme is in a format where it may now function correctly with any LLM.

Dummy classifier - Explain how it is trained on a different subsection of data each time. Explain how it selects the majority label for the given position.

How the results work.

How to sort out results:

Create a table comparing average accuracies across sessions over seeds - Compares Llama 3.0, Llama 3.1, Dummy classifier, and first prediction scores from some other systems in the challenge. Explain why this is comparable, but also the caveats to this - Those models are evaluated on a far larger test set, they have access to a longer list of songs contexts (always 10), and they are specifically trained on training data.

Create and demonstrate the accuracy at each position and show this in a table.

What do the results show - The results do not show any clear pattern that would indicate that the models improved when provided with more information. The best results came at both ends of the scale for how much information was provided - 58% for experiment 5 one shot with Llama 3.1, and 57.55% for Experiment 1 zero-shot with Llama 3.0.

Insights:

One-shot results vs Zero shot - One-shot results outperformed zero-shot approaches on only 2 out of 5 experiments with Llama 3.0, while Llama 3.1 results showed one-shot experiments yielding higher performance than their zero-shot counterparts in 4 out of 5 experiments. This may suggest that Llama 3.1 is better suited for in-context learning than the previous version.

Some insights about catastrophic failure rate as more information is provided to the models. - 

Insight about whether the model performance improves when the sequence is longer, i.e. when it is given more information about whether the user has skipped the track or not for other tracks earlier in the listening session. Does this help the model to perform better? - 
Position 2 (the first item predicted in a session) is more often than not the position with the highest accuracy. (Run the stats on how many times it is highest, and how many times it is higher than position 10.) This suggests that the model is not learning from the information that it is provided about the user's earlier choices in the listening session. I hypothesise that the additional information is only serving to confuse the models more. - Look for stats on how often the model ever improves on its position 2 accuracy at any stage.

LLM vs LLM - 3.1 ever so slightly better on average across all experiments by a fraction. Interestingly, in 4 out of 5 experiments zero-shot experiments, 3.0 performed better than 3.1. Conversely, in 4 out of 5 one-shot experiments, 3.1 outperformed 3.0. This may suggest that Llama 3.1 is more adaptable to in-context learning, whilst also suggesting that it may be more reliant on it to perform well. This hypothesis could be the subject of further research by applying further examples using few-shot experiments.

It is interesting that the best performance was yielded with LLama 3.1 using the one-shot approach on experiment 5, where only music content features, and user/session context features were provided to the model, and all metadata including the name of the song and the name of the artist were withheld. In this experiment, the model essentially acts based on the same information that other recommendation systems are given, and any downstream capabilities that it may have due to an intrinsic knowledge of the music from its training data is taken out of the equation. The fact that this approach still yielded the most effective performance supports the research which suggests that LLMs remain poor in their knowledge of the musical domain.

However, it must also be noted that these models, which contain only 8 billion parameters, are not necessarily representative of the capabilities of State of the Art models with several hundreds of billions of parameters. For this reason, in the coming weeks while I am writing my report, I will be adapting the programme for use with Gemini using some of the credits that my supervisor has kindly offered to use for this project. I will also be looking to run the programme through Barkla on a larger scale to obtain more robust results. A third and final adjustment that will be made before running the full-scale programme with a State of the Art model is the incorporation of results that reflect when the model has failed to obtain the correct answer because of 'catastrophic error,' meaning that the model did not output either True or False in its response. This provides information regarding the underlying cause of imperfect performance, and can provide further comparison between the LLMs in the evaluation.

Talk about small error where Invalids have been counted as False, this will be fixed in the final run on Barkla.